In this lecture, we will test the Do post  method to do that, change the method name to do post hit
control D ,  to get rid of the fail line, invoke new coupon servelet dot do  post passing the request response
hit control one, handle exceptions that come back to test the this should be do post not do get do
post and then the request and response.
Save it, go to the coupon Servelet, if you look at the Do post  method, it gets the coupon using request dot
get parameter.
So we need to mark this call on the request and then you do this request, don't get request despatcher
and we need to mock out  this as well   that as well so that it returns a mocked out dispatcher.
And then we can verify if this forward gets call.
You can also verify that the set  attribute gets called on the request object.
So let's do that mocking go here.
Let me scroll this up so that you can see it clearly.
Even before the test or Method under  the test is invoked, he will use the when request, dot get parameter
is invoked with within the double quotes  coupon.
You can extract  this to a constant.
Dot then return super sale  is what should be returned all capital super sale , that is the first mock.
Then when request of a cap lock caps lock issue here, when request dot  get dispatcher, that request
dispatcher is invoked within the double quotes  with response.
Dot JSP  this is how the method is invoked in the servelet if you look here  request.
Dot get dispatcher And this guys invoked what should be going back.
Dot Then return the mock dot  request.
Dispatcher Which you have a up top here.
Let me change that or  to lower case requests.
Dispatcher is what should be returned now.
We have complete control on the Code.
Do the verification instead of asserting we will verify if the appropriate calls are being made.
Verify on the request.
Dot set attribute should be invoked with this string called discount, that is what should happen here.
See this discount, that is the method that should be  invoked with this key and the value.
You can copy the value from here, the whole thing, and entire  string come back paste it  right there.
And instead of this coupon, you can change it to super sale , get rid of all that, all capital Super
Sale   only one space on the left and one space on the right.
That is the first verification.
Next will also verify if the response is being sent to the correct page request.
Dispatcher dot  forward should be called.
That's all are that we are going to verify  forward and it should give it the request and then the response.
Save it  we can right click run both  tests, run as the J unit test.
And everything is green both the test  has passed without any issues.
So in this lecture, you have tested the Do post method in the process.
You have mocked out  two things to get parameter on the request and get request despatcher with the following JSB ,
we are retaining our own request despatcher.
And then we are verifying that when the real method is invoked method and the test is invoked, we are
verifying  the set attribute is called on the request and the request dispatchers forward is called
with the request and response that go to the.
Servelet's do post method.